http://www.openlinksw.com/schemas/virtrdf# 	Rename Delete
http://www.w3.org/ns/ldp# 	Rename Delete
http://localhost:8890/sparql 	Rename Delete
http://localhost:8890/DAV/ 	Rename Delete
http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl# 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/graph/ejecucionde-gastos2015 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/graph/test3 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/graph/fghfgh 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/graph/test 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/graph/begrotingsstatenv8 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/graph/finnish_budget_2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/graph/fdp2rdf 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/graph/test1 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/graph/france_cplf_2013_2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/graph/my-openspending-datapackage 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/graph/testfdp1 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/esf-czech-projects/totals 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/budget-phase 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/testfdp5 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/ontology/dsd/bonn-budget-draft 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/graph/testfdp5 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/kae-ota-exodwn-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/greek-municipalities/codelist/athens-administrations 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/kae-ota-esodwn-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/kae-ota-administration-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-bonn-kostenstellen-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/aux 	Rename Delete
http://openbudgets.eu/model 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/kae-ota 	Rename Delete
NULL 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-expenditure-2015 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-expenditure-2004/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-expenditure-2005/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-expenditure-2006/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-expenditure-2007/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-expenditure-2008/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-expenditure-2009/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-expenditure-2010/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-expenditure-2011/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-expenditure-2012/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-expenditure-2013/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-expenditure-2014/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-expenditure-2015/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-revenue-2004/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-revenue-2005/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-revenue-2006/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-revenue-2007/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-revenue-2008/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-revenue-2009/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-revenue-2010/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-revenue-2011/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-revenue-2012/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-revenue-2013/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-revenue-2014/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-revenue-2015/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-expenditure-2004 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-expenditure-2005 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-expenditure-2006 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-expenditure-2007 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-expenditure-2008 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-expenditure-2009 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-expenditure-2010 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-expenditure-2011 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-expenditure-2012 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-expenditure-2013 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-expenditure-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-revenue-2004 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-revenue-2005 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-revenue-2006 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-revenue-2007 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-revenue-2008 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-revenue-2009 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-revenue-2010 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-revenue-2011 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-revenue-2012 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-revenue-2013 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-revenue-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-athens-revenue-2015 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-heraklion-expenditure-2010/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-heraklion-expenditure-2011/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-heraklion-expenditure-2012/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-heraklion-expenditure-2013/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-heraklion-expenditure-2014/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-heraklion-expenditure-2015/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-heraklion-revenue-2010/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-heraklion-revenue-2011/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-heraklion-revenue-2012/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-heraklion-revenue-2013/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-heraklion-revenue-2014/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-heraklion-revenue-2015/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-heraklion-expenditure-2010 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-heraklion-expenditure-2011 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-heraklion-expenditure-2012 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-heraklion-expenditure-2013 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-heraklion-expenditure-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-heraklion-expenditure-2015 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-heraklion-revenue-2010 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-heraklion-revenue-2011 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-heraklion-revenue-2012 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-heraklion-revenue-2013 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-heraklion-revenue-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-heraklion-revenue-2015 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2002/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2003/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2004/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2005/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2006/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2007/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2008/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2009/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2010/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2011/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2012/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2013/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2014/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2015/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2002/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2003/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2004/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2005/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2006/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2007/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2008/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2009/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2010/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2011/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2012/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2013/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2014/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2015/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2002 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2003 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2004 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2005 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2006 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2007 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2008 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2009 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2010 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2011 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2012 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2013 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2015 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-expenditure-2016 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2002 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2003 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2004 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2005 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2006 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2007 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2008 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2009 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2010 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2011 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2012 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2013 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2015 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kalamaria-revenue-2016 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-karpenisi-expenditure-2014/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-karpenisi-expenditure-2015/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-karpenisi-expenditure-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-karpenisi-revenue-2014/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-karpenisi-revenue-2015/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-karpenisi-revenue-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-karpenisi-expenditure-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-karpenisi-expenditure-2015 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-karpenisi-expenditure-2016 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-karpenisi-revenue-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-karpenisi-revenue-2015 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-karpenisi-revenue-2016 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-expenditure-2010/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-expenditure-2011/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-expenditure-2012/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-expenditure-2013/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-expenditure-2014/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-expenditure-2015/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-expenditure-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-revenue-2010/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-revenue-2011/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-revenue-2012/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-revenue-2013/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-revenue-2014/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-revenue-2015/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-revenue-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-expenditure-2010 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-expenditure-2011 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-expenditure-2012 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-expenditure-2013 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-expenditure-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-expenditure-2015 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-expenditure-2016 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-revenue-2010 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-revenue-2011 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-revenue-2012 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-revenue-2013 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-revenue-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-revenue-2015 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-katerini-revenue-2016 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kilkis-expenditure-2010/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kilkis-expenditure-2011/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kilkis-expenditure-2012/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kilkis-expenditure-2013/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kilkis-expenditure-2014/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kilkis-expenditure-2015/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kilkis-revenue-2010/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kilkis-revenue-2011/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kilkis-revenue-2012/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kilkis-revenue-2013/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kilkis-revenue-2014/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kilkis-revenue-2015/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kilkis-expenditure-2010 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kilkis-expenditure-2011 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kilkis-expenditure-2012 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kilkis-expenditure-2013 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kilkis-expenditure-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kilkis-expenditure-2015 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kilkis-revenue-2010 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kilkis-revenue-2011 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kilkis-revenue-2012 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kilkis-revenue-2013 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kilkis-revenue-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-kilkis-revenue-2015 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-naousa-expenditure-2011/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-naousa-expenditure-2012/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-naousa-expenditure-2013/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-naousa-expenditure-2014/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-naousa-expenditure-2015/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-naousa-expenditure-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-naousa-revenue-2011/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-naousa-revenue-2012/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-naousa-revenue-2013/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-naousa-revenue-2014/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-naousa-revenue-2015/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-naousa-revenue-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-naousa-expenditure-2011 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-naousa-expenditure-2012 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-naousa-expenditure-2013 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-naousa-expenditure-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-naousa-expenditure-2015 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-naousa-expenditure-2016 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-naousa-revenue-2011 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-naousa-revenue-2012 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-naousa-revenue-2013 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-naousa-revenue-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-naousa-revenue-2015 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-naousa-revenue-2016 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-rethymno-expenditure-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-rethymno-revenues-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-rethymno-expenditure-2016 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-rethymno-revenues-2016 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-expenditure-2010/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-expenditure-2011/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-expenditure-2012/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-expenditure-2013/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-expenditure-2014/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-expenditure-2015/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-expenditure-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-revenue-2010/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-revenue-2011/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-revenue-2012/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-revenue-2013/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-revenue-2014/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-revenue-2015/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-revenue-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-expenditure-2010 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-expenditure-2011 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-expenditure-2012 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-expenditure-2013 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-expenditure-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-expenditure-2015 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-revenue-2010 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-revenue-2011 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-revenue-2012 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-revenue-2013 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-revenue-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-revenue-2015 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-sithonia-revenue-2016 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-thessaloniki-expenditure-2011/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-thessaloniki-expenditure-2012/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-thessaloniki-expenditure-2013/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-thessaloniki-expenditure-2014/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-thessaloniki-expenditure-2015/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-thessaloniki-revenue-2011/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-thessaloniki-revenue-2012/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-thessaloniki-revenue-2013/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-thessaloniki-revenue-2014/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-thessaloniki-revenue-2015/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-thessaloniki-expenditure-2011 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-thessaloniki-expenditure-2012 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-thessaloniki-expenditure-2013 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-thessaloniki-expenditure-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-thessaloniki-expenditure-2015 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-thessaloniki-revenue-2011 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-thessaloniki-revenue-2012 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-thessaloniki-revenue-2013 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-thessaloniki-revenue-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-thessaloniki-revenue-2015 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-expenditure-2010/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-expenditure-2011/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-expenditure-2012/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-expenditure-2013/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-expenditure-2014/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-expenditure-2015/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-expenditure-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-revenue-2010/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-revenue-2011/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-revenue-2012/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-revenue-2013/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-revenue-2014/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-revenue-2015/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-revenue-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-expenditure-2010 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-expenditure-2011 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-expenditure-2012 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-expenditure-2013 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-expenditure-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-expenditure-2015 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-expenditure-2016 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-revenue-2010 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-revenue-2011 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-revenue-2012 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-revenue-2013 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-revenue-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-revenue-2015 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-veroia-revenue-2016 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-epirus-expenditure-2011/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-epirus-expenditure-2012/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-epirus-expenditure-2013/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-epirus-expenditure-2014/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-epirus-expenditure-2015/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-epirus-expenditure-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-epirus-revenue-2011/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-epirus-revenue-2012/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-epirus-revenue-2013/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-epirus-revenue-2014/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-epirus-revenue-2015/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-epirus-revenue-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-epirus-expenditure-2011 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-epirus-expenditure-2012 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-epirus-expenditure-2013 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-epirus-expenditure-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-epirus-expenditure-2015 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-epirus-expenditure-2016 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-epirus-revenue-2011 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-epirus-revenue-2012 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-epirus-revenue-2013 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-epirus-revenue-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-epirus-revenue-2015 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-epirus-revenue-2016 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-saegean-expenditure-2011/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-saegean-expenditure-2012/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-saegean-expenditure-2013/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-saegean-expenditure-2014/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-saegean-expenditure-2015/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-saegean-expenditure-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-saegean-revenue-2011/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-saegean-revenue-2012/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-saegean-revenue-2013/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-saegean-revenue-2014/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-saegean-revenue-2015/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-saegean-revenue-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-saegean-expenditure-2011 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-saegean-expenditure-2012 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-saegean-expenditure-2013 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-saegean-expenditure-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-saegean-expenditure-2015 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-saegean-expenditure-2016 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-saegean-revenue-2011 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-saegean-revenue-2012 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-saegean-revenue-2013 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-saegean-revenue-2014 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-saegean-revenue-2015 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-saegean-revenue-2016 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/id 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/organization-identifier 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/cl-geo 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/cpa 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/cpc 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/currency 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/esa2010-assets-and-liabilities 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/esa2010-balancing-items-and-net-worth 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/esa2010-distributive-transactions 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/esa2010-financial-assets 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/esa2010-institutional-sectors 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/esa2010-non-financial-assets 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/esa2010-other-changes-in-assets 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/esa2010-transactions-in-products 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/icatus 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/isco_1988 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/catpol 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/oenace 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/prodcom 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/sitc 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/sitc_austria 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/codelist/stakod-greek 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-bonn-aemterhierarchie-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-bonn-kontierungselemente-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-bonn-kostenartengruppe-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-bonn-operationcharacter-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-bonn-produktuebersicht-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-bonn-innenauftraege-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-bonn-pspelemente-2016/codelist 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-bonnaggregatedamounts-revenue-2016 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-draft-revenue-2017-2025 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/graph/testfdp7 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/graph/testfdp11 	Rename Delete
http://localhost/default 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/graph/testfdp10 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/graph/subnat-expense-17 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/graph/testfdp8 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/graph/testfdp6 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/graph/testfdp9 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/graph/kutno_w2014-marek-pipeline-debug 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/graph/id_coor_2016 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/budget-revenue-2016 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/ontology/dsd/bonn-budget-draft-2017 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/ontology/esf-czech-projects/code-list/operational-programme 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/ontology/esf-czech-projects/code-list/operational-programme/metadata 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/esf-cz-projects/codelist/partner-types 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/esf-cz-projects/codelist/partner-types/metadata 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/ontology/esf-czech-projects/code-list/project-statuses 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/ontology/esf-czech-projects/code-list/project-statuses/metadata 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/esf-czech-projects/totals/metadata 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/esf-czech-projects 	Rename Delete
http://data.openbudgets.eu/resource/dataset/esf-czech-projects/metadata 	Rename Delete